>> Will Sentance: All right people,
let's sum it up.
Rules for the automatic execution
of the JavaScript code by node,
because by the way, all of this is
built by node with the help of live UV.
It's not JavaScript.
All of these queues and the event loop are
triggering it is all node, not JavaScript,
all built in C++.
Hold each deferred, I call these deferred
functions that we didn't run ourselves at,
are gonna be autorun later,
they're deferred, delayed,
autorun later, in one of the tasks,
jeez, when the node background API.
These are actually, these C++ features,
they're technically known as APIs.
Interface is a posh word for, any
functionality that's not in my language,
but not in my world,
but in someone else's.
I interface with it.
When any of the background nodes in C++
features complete this autorun function
don't autorun them.
Queue them up to be autorunned,
autoran sorry.
Autorun.
Add the function to the call stack,
in other words, execute the function,
add it to the call stack,
we do this with each of them.
Only when the call stack is totally empty,
have the event loop be checking for
this condition to be true.
Prioritize functions in the timer queue.
Technically a min-heap, but
basically a queue, over the I/O queue,
over the check queue, it's known as,
over the close queue, and
because I wasn't sure I was going to tell
you about these two, four, prioritize
over all those queues, any functions that
were delayed by using a promise which
we're not gonna touch on today, but is
another way of triggering background work,
and instead of autorunning a function
autoinserting data into JavaScript,
that outruns a function in JavaScript.
That function goes in the micro-task cube,
but there's two of those.
That one goes in B.
The number one process of all that
we don't even use is process.netFix,
any function you pass there.
That goes in to the very,
very first queue.
There we go people.
Those are all the rules of node.